it's granny past midnight then we're in
California's biggest abandoned mall
there is security on the top floor this
might be one of the last times anyone is
able to get in because the structure
Interscope purchased in 1977 the city of
Hawthorne seemed like a suburban
paradise and the Hawthorne Plaza Mall
opened but after cutbacks in aerospace
jobs in the surrounding area and
competition from other shopping centers
the mall became obsolete and was
completely abandoned in 1999 sneaking
inside of it today is almost impossible
since all of the entrances were
supposedly walled off and security
patrols during the day so we hopped in
our car at midnight having no idea
whether would find a way in five minutes
out should be right here
okay that's right here this does look
familiar
this thing is freakin best yeah see
WordStar collison right there is where
you get in that is terrifying the code
are you seeing this
goodness just texting busy house texting
sorry guys
well it's sketchy to stand outside the
car I don't just get out move move move
over this block and talk about you can't
spit scary looking in there holy Sh
my under like scale a wall
that's purity over there with the
headlights on they probably know we're
here means so much
there has to be a way to get
wire
right a really sketchy spot right now
it's pretty dangerous and we got to move
quickly but Matt's taking quite a while
he's making quite a bit of noise there's
security everywhere this is dangerous
and incredibly illegal Matt's taking his
time significative is literally
just watch your head really watch your
head
yeah
are you really you're trying to settle
down damn
3m we just made it out a California's
biggest event in LA now just a month ago
there's so much more to go to gosh
my name is Thomas and this is Matt amar
and Darren we grew up in four corners of
the world but in the summer of 2015 we
all met by total coincidence and bonded
over a shared desire to do something
different with our lives